#summary Explain how to install a local tomcat, set up axis2 on it and deploy a sample WebService

= !HowTo Install Apache Tomcat 5.5.27, Set Up Apache Axis2 and Deploy a Web Service Locally =

== Apache Tomcat 5.5.27 Installation ==

  # Download [http://tomcat.apache.org/download-55.cgi#5.5.27 Apache Tomcat 5.5.27] (download core distribution)
  # Unzip/Install Tomcat to a directory of your choice. I will call this directory `$TOMCAT_HOME` from here on.
   * On Linux and Mac OS X, make sure that the shell-scripts in `$TOMCAT_HOME/bin/` are executable if you didn't use the .tar.gz distribution. To do this, you can execute `chmod a+x $TOMCAT_HOME/bin/*.sh`.
  # Execute `$TOMCAT_HOME/bin/startup.sh` or `$TOMCAT_HOME/bin/startup.bat` respectively.
  # Chech the logfiles in `$TOMCAT_HOME/logs` to make sure that no problems occured during startup.
  # Execute `$TOMCAT_HOME/bin/shutdown.sh` or `$TOMCAT_HOME/bin/shutdown.bat` respectively.

== Apache Axis2 Deployment and Configuration ==

=== Deployment ===

  # Download [http://ws.apache.org/axis2/download/1_4_1/download.cgi Apache Axis2 1.4.1] (download WAR distribution)
  # Unzip `axis2.war` and copy it to `$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps`.
  # Execute `$TOMCAT_HOME/bin/startup.sh` or `$TOMCAT_HOME/bin/startup.bat` respectively.
  # Chech the logfiles in `$TOMCAT_HOME/logs` to make sure that no problems occured during startup.
  # Execute `$TOMCAT_HOME/bin/shutdown.sh` or `$TOMCAT_HOME/bin/shutdown.bat` respectively.
  # There should now be a `$TOMCAT_HOME/webapps/axis2`. I will call this directory `$AXIS_HOME` from here on.

=== Configuration ===

  # Open `$AXIS_HOME/WEB-INF/conf/axis2.xml` in your favourite text or XML editor.
   * Alternatively, you can start Tomcat and navigate to [http://127.0.0.1:8080/axis2/axis2-admin/]. The default username and password are `admin` and `axis2`.<br>*_WARNING:_* Any changes made here will be lost when the server is shut down/restarted!
  # Change `<parameter name="hotdeployment">false</parameter>` to `<parameter name="hotdeployment">true</parameter>`.
  # Change `<parameter name="hotupdate">false</parameter>` to `<parameter name="hotupdate">true</parameter>`.
  # You will now be able to deploy and update Web Services while Axis2 is running.
  # You may want to change the `userName` and `password` parameters.

== Deploying a Sample Web Service ==

  # You may use your own Web Service for this or the [http://code.google.com/p/decidr/source/browse/trunk/docs/misc/mailws.jar?r=548 sample Web Service] provided.
  # Simply change the .jar to .aar (e.g. the sample will become mailws.aar).
  # Copy the .aar file to `$AXIS_HOME/WEB-INF/services/`.
  # Start Axis2, if it isn't already running.
  # Navigate to [http://127.0.0.1:8080/axis2/services/listServices]. Your Web Service should appear on this page.
