#summary Issues to be discussed in the Weekly Meeting.
#labels pm,weekly,meeting

= Weekly Meeting Issues =

*Please update this wiki article with issues, which should be discussed or should be transmitted to the team* 

*Add your issues to be discussed in the next "Weekly Meeting":*<br>
*_Update: As discussed in the last meeting (07/06/2009), everybody who cannot attend one or several meetings - please share this information on this wiki page._* 

== WM 07/20/09 ==
Cannot attend: _none_<br>
Issues:
  # ODE Monitor: Need a volunteer for Windows version od CPU & Memory getters, Mac ones need testing (RR)
  # Hudson: We are running out of disk space on our iaassrv7 server. Must talk to Ralph to get more disk space (AT)

== WM 07/13/09 ==
Cannot attend: _none_<br>
Issues:
  # We need some method to distinguish between DecidR systems, e.g. name (backup vs. productive vs. experimental...) (RR)

== WM 07/06/09 ==
Cannot attend: JS, RR, DH<br>
Issues:
  # Aleks holds the meeting (TK)

== WM 06/09/09 ==
  # date for StorageWS & Email-WS dicussions (RR)
  # Create coding guidelines in wiki (RR)
    * first entry: always comment empty blocks (esp. catch blocks)
    * use personalised task tags in comments (e.g. "RR: fix this, dammit")
  # useless SVN commit comments, esp. with wiki changes (RR)

== WM 05/26/09 ==
  # Maven Repository Manager: Pro and Contra for Artifactory (AT)
  # Eclipse: Setting up and working with eclipse (RR)

== WM 05/19/09 ==
  # Implementation: Comment templates for eclipse (RR)

== WM 05/05/09 ==
  # Design: ODE monitoring: quick vote on what "load average" should be (RR)

== WM 04/28/09 ==
  # Design: draw2d vs. gwt-diagrams & gwt-connectors (JS)
  # Misc: VP-Keys only valid for versions before 7.0? (JS)

== WM 04/21/09 ==
  # Design: HTTP request load balancing (DH)
  # Design: Installation / deployment of the DecidR application (DH)
  # Design: Status of our Web services & their specifications / WSDL (DH)
  # Design: Design phase prolongation (DH)
  # Design: Do we have an expert on Apache ODE? (DH) (Ralph seems to know a lot --RR)
  # Design: Presentation of scalability options & decide on one of them (RR)
   * Same for message encryption (RR)

== WM 03/31/09 ==
  # Design: Review over System Architecture Aspects (MF)

== WM 03/24/09 ==
  # Design: Presentation of the Design Phases/Packages (TK/MF)

== WM 03/20/09 ==
  # Design: is the JPA a troublemaker? (DH)
  # Project Schedule: cost estimate update using the specification (DH)
  # Wiki: needs to be structured: implement a hierarchical structure (how can this be done using google?) (RR)
  # Spec review: Ralph reviewed version 1.0 instead of 1.1 (DH)
  # WS Specification: There are several open issues to discuss with the Workflow/UI-Team (JE)

== WM 02/17/09 ==
  # Design: Preliminary Design Discussion (TK/MA/JS) 
  # Specification: Finding dates for specification review (MF/DH)

== WM 02/11/09 ==
  # PM: Conflict Prevention Survey, redo (TK) 
  # PM: Weekly Reports, some minor issues (TK)
  # Specs,Mock-Up,WS: Team Discussion (MA,TK) 

== WM 02/04/09 ==

  # Info: Conflict Prevention Survey (TK,DH)
  # Technologies: Definiton of Responsibilities for Technologies/Techniques (TK)
  # Use Cases etc. (MA, JS)
== WM 01/28/09 ==

  # JavaScript / Servlet framework evaluation (DH)<br>
  # Confirm seminar WS date + time (RR)

== WM 01/21/09 ==

  # Info: Prototype finished (JE)

== WM 01/14/09 ==
  # Timetable for Seminars (TK) <br>
   (due to the fact that some persons don't read or ignore their mails).<br>
   (also talk about distribution: currently there are too many seminars on one day (RR))
  # "Weekly Survey"-Document explanation & discussion (TK)
  # SVN commenting rules: redundancy (DH)