#summary Issues to be discussed in the Weekly Meeting.
#labels pm,weekly,meeting

= Weekly Meeting Issues =

*Please update this wiki article with issues, which should be discussed or should be transmitted to the team* 

Add your issues to be descussed in the next "Weekly Meeting":

== WM 03/24/09 ==
  # Design: Presentation of the Design Phases/Packages (TK/MF)

== WM 03/20/09 ==
  # Design: is the JPA a troublemaker? (DH)
  # Project Schedule: cost estimate update using the specification (DH)
  # Wiki: needs to be structured: implement a hierarchical structure (how can this be done using google?) (RR)
  # Spec review: Ralph reviewed version 1.0 instead of 1.1 (DH)
  # WS Specification: There are several open issues to discuss with the Workflow/UI-Team (JE)

== WM 02/17/09 ==
  # Design: Preliminary Design Discussion (TK/MA/JS) 
  # Specification: Finding dates for specification review (MF/DH)

== WM 02/11/09 ==
  # PM: Conflict Prevention Survey, redo (TK) 
  # PM: Weekly Reports, some minor issues (TK)
  # Specs,Mock-Up,WS: Team Discussion (MA,TK) 

== WM 02/04/09 ==

  # Info: Conflict Prevention Survey (TK,DH)
  # Technologies: Definiton of Responsibilities for Technologies/Techniques (TK)
  # Use Cases etc. (MA, JS)
== WM 01/28/09 ==

  # JavaScript / Servlet framework evaluation (DH)<br>
  # Confirm seminar WS date + time (RR)

== WM 01/21/09 ==

  # Info: Prototype finished (JE)

== WM 01/14/09 ==
  # Timetable for Seminars (TK) <br>
   (due to the fact that some persons don't read or ignore their mails).<br>
   (also talk about distribution: currently there are too many seminars on one day (RR))
  # "Weekly Survey"-Document explanation & discussion (TK)
  # SVN commenting rules: redundancy (DH)